[Music] Let's
see, let's see how that turns out. You
were also talking in your
newspaper about a topic that really caught my
attention, and I wanted to
ask you about the issue of Belén
Rodríguez and Kiko Hernández that they've
had a fight, and I don't know if you're
seeing how far it's going. That
things are getting really, really heated, how
far it's
all going. It started because they're
leaking a few, not the supposed
secrets that Belén Rodríguez is
even telling her colleagues about
Kiko, and they've
had the whole week to
save me on the terrace in front of
Belén Rock's terrace, I
mean, they were trying, like I don't know
if they should record inside the house either, I mean,
that was taking it or something like that. I
can't tell you about the judicial aspect, there's an error
when it's said that
I'm in a building and I record the
neighbor, even though my camera is in mine,
not his. The important thing is not
where my camera is. The important thing is the
objective, in other words, the individual, then
for many years it was thought that he was
right, the press or the journalist
didn't decide.  I have my camera here but
the projections there Therefore I can't
record there in front where there are x
people whether they are famous popular or anonymous of
course then at the moment in which I have
seen it I have read I have
read and I saw a part
when Belén Rodríguez calls the
police because she feels intimidated and
because they are ransacking her house and they ransacked
the interior of her house Although the
lens is in front The important thing is
Where she is going and Belén was very
right there in the sense There can't be
a camera in front because even if it's in
front they are ransacking my house whatever she
does and when I say whatever she does I mean she
could be eating just some
spaghetti she could be
making love with 14 people she
could be combing her cat it doesn't matter
that privacy is hers and the
lens was the camera in fact from the
moment that Belén Rodríguez calls
the police which is the way to
start a criminal process through the
police report the cameras
disappear there
are many times when that doesn't happen
Of course because both parties
agree to play that game because I can't
call the police saying Hey
Belén Rodríguez  they are bothering
clothes they don't go but the one who
considers that the victim is called because at that
moment the police have to attend, file a report
through a police state And
that happens from that moment on the cameras no longer go
regardless of the content
of the situation
you want Belén to be right, Belén is not right it
will be another part
the other part wants to play the
media game because in the end we live from
this but they are totally different I
mean here in Belén's case she
was right because the objective is not
where they are but where the focus is I decided
that for many years when I
remember a while ago at the beginning
of 2005 2006 when I received the images
of Marbella of popular characters who
were in the Terraces we
took them Yes but one day we were told
no that the terrace of a chalet, a
house, an apartment is the
private place of the home So it cannot be
taken But the thing is that I took the
photograph from 500 meters which is the
same even if I take it from 500
meters the issue is that it is a private place
And that is the legal issue another thing is the
content of the content now one can
be more in favor of Kiko's Belén on the
way that already  Another thing I totally
agree with you. I don't know if
you saw it but I had an argument
with José Antonio León. The one about saving me by the
hair because it's very simple, he
wasn't rude, he wasn't even a
bit arrogant at first but
then when I went to take my own
course we ended up better but it's
because I didn't want to get into an
argument because otherwise he didn't want to get off his high
horse. Well, I don't know, it's on my channel if you
want to look at it someday when you
have time but we
met when the Kiko Rivera thing happened at
the door of the Virgen del Rocío here
in Seville and they were trying to
record it, I was live, I was
covering the news a little live.
But you know, I mean, what I do is not them, they
think that because I show up
at the door of the hospital they start to
look at me badly and I always have some friction
because they think that we
are pecking at their work or something on
the outside look what I do is never going to
eliminate your necessary work
as journalists because I am not
here since 6 in the morning nor
am I getting all the information
nor do I have the contacts that  the best
you've had And such But well the
things that I was live and
that José Antonio and the partner who was
with him as a cameraman were trying to
record the room where Kiko
Riberas was in the hospital and I said
excuse me what am I doing I mean what
crazy thing is what you're doing And
now I read to provoke him a little I started to
say on the live then they complain about
the light operation I don't know what And he
got into it and then he came and he
was arguing with me he wanted to start
wine and we were doing the debate
live and he wanted to convince us
that if you are a public and
media figure that you lend yourself to these
stories that you are in your
hospital room or rather a
hospital room Jesús Manuel
with how intimate health issues are
that he can record you
since if he can record you reach
to record with the window that it is legal
that he can record it that another thing is whether he
broadcasts it or not and I was
telling him but come on it's that no I am not a
lawyer or jurist but it is already it is
logical I mean it does not fit in my head that
you can record  Nobody in a
hotel room or in a hospital,
no, no, on top of that, let's see, it can't be
done, it shouldn't be done,
and there it doesn't lead, justice will never rule on the
journalist's side because issues that are almost
untouchable, if not to say untouchable, which
are sex, religion, politics, and
health, religion
are also constitutional rights that must be
protected and said, and the judge
will never enter into the assessment of whether it is true or
false, I mean, I mean, that was with
María José Campanario, María José
Campanero. The sentence was favorable and
with compensation of one hundred, I think it
was 68,000 euros because it was said that she has
a certain illness, it
was so wow, 21, if it was 168,000
euros
because in the end the judge is not going to go into
whether it is true or a lie that you are
sick, that you are sick, that you are
far right, far left, that you are
heterosexual, homosexual, they are
never going to enter into whether it is true or a lie that you are sick, that you are far right, far left, that you are heterosexual, homosexual, they are never going to enter into whether that is so, it is
always and as long as you have not spoken, they are going
to enter into preserving the privacy of
that person. One thing is that you will use
a magazine saying I married
Pepe Perez or with Pepita Perez we are very
happy and at night we like to
juggle at 3 in the morning, you already
learn your part of intimacy but
if you have not done it that is totally
protected
and cannot be told María José
Campanario it was evident that she was not
in her moments of
lucidity in terms of health
and it was told and they were condemned I mean
what happens is that in the case of Kiko
Rivera it is very complicated because in the end
they are characters that sometimes although
journalists say it does not have to be
made it is underneath a pact in which they
sell it so that they are taken out then it
is not an issue that can be acted on ex
officio if they do not interpose any
action it does not get anywhere it goes
anywhere then it is not the same
look I always give the example of María
del Monte María del Monte So that
we can see the difference between Kiko Rivera
and the characters of society who have never
played with their life or with their
work or with their family many
years ago María del Monte
television I do not remember if it was
where you are heart I think so when
with an artist insinuates  that Maria del
Monte may be a very close friend of
Isabel Pantoja is talking about
Maria del Monte's homosexuality that
sentence is we have the possibility of
having it all I have it Maria del
Monte that night in an Arrebato comes in by
phone and defends herself from the accusation
that she has made that at that moment was
clear queen
the sentence condemns Charolina saying
that she should never have interfered
in the private life of Maria del Monte
but that the sentence has to be reduced
because Maria del Monte had the right she had
the option to defend herself
through the media and she executed it and it came in by
phone then the sentence instead of
being no I don't remember the
exact amounts 90,000 euros is 60,000 it is
reduced because that amount in which
the judge considers that she has used
the right of withdrawal and she does it
then it is not important to know if you
are sick and the sexual condition, that is to
say because it is very protected
What happens is that in the case of Kiko
Rivera they make it very difficult for me Kiko Rivera
Maybe he had made a pact with a
program to air it on the  window and
then 15 days later they get angry and
another 15 days later they tell another
story and that is the business of the
press of some type of press then it
is not the example to say Not all are the
same always say because that is
collected in in good manuals and in
some theses in the difference between the
anonymous character and the popular character
the anonymous characters have a
qualification in all the typification and
the popular ones have another and within
the popular sorry of the public they have they
can be popular or famous
all the characters that appear on
television are not famous characters
the popular character is the character that
has notoriety for his work the
famous character is the character that
has an authority because he has decided to
sell his life
and the distinction is very clear
the character that appears in the magazine I
always put myself in week because apart from that it is
directed by a person that I love
very much Jorge borrajo but if a
character appears in the magazine week
saying
I separated from my husband because I am not
happy and because against another person you
are selling your life that is a
famous character of popular character
to give an example it is
Jaime singing for example
that popular because he works in a
means of communication not because he has
sold his life That  it's the difference
the media personality still has the
right to honor of course and to
privacy but the margin of criticism or
the margin to which you can expose him is
greater not when it is a person who
lends themselves to this type of content, no
interviews about his life between us
anyone can have an opinion about his life
Well yes well about his life and I have already put
his life everything and that of everything close to him, I
mean his daughter his son his son has
even more good his son that she
called him her son she called her son the one who
lives in his world the one who
lives in his world is the cruelest thing
I have ever heard on television
his world to me that day it felt so bad
as if I had called him [ __ ] yes yes yes yes it's that
good the one who lives in
hisworld
the one who saw in his world seemed to me the most
tremendous thing in the world
Well then they have spoken about his daughter,
his son, his brother The one who is in
a center because he has a series of
problems, some acquired and others not
acquired, I mean in the case of
Rocío Carrasco in which that famous one is
another is another species the secretary
is known how can it be classified  it
would be very difficult for them to send
anyone, unless he is
insulting her in a
super serious ward because she is so so so so
so exposed with what she has done, no, it
is brutal, it does not matter to her,
eh, it does not matter to her
I have always said that when when if
she or rather that she has already
lost all the how would I say it, the
hope that she could win some
judicial matter, some judicial matter because
if not, she would not have come to do what she
is doing and that she is going to earn the
money and get the most out of everything, I have
ever told you Javi when we were
together Rocio Carrasco arrives at
television because justice was
turned away because Rocio Carrasco would never have
liked she would have liked to be
on television the way
she is, she wanted to be much
better, more elegant as she had already
achieved it, to have had talent
is to win in justice But when
justice turned its back on her when
justice told her that in other words
you are a buffoon I
returned to television
that Rocio Carrasco first
tried at Antena 3 for a long time
and they did not achieve anything then return to
justice
that they have everything  in the year 2000 I think
11 or 12 sell a series on Antena 3
to tell the story of his mother
the two arrived and they are like a
little movie no and they are like a
little movie that erased erased the actor
Antonio David they had to erase everything
How is
that movie made in another country
no I think that the it can be
found if you search for it on the internet you
can find it but it was
censored like a movie you
search for on the internet
that was decided there on Antena 3 they
came out until here until later
the justice left when the justice didn't
get anything because everything Where has it gone it has
lost it a production company arrived that
bought the product that is their
right tricked them and from there they are Right now I just
think that now what
I have what I am waiting for and what I
wish is that Rocío Carrasco Now go to
justice now that you have all the
evidence she has to go to justice
or even complicated eh Because
to reopen the case and for her to get
what she hasn't gotten for years
or even enough complicated  I think she's not up for it, I
think she's about to
dress up and dance. I see her ringing
the bells. You were what I told you, not
the yellow bells. Montero, eh,
the ladies and the hunters, but it's been
confirmed. If I could, the service, I can't
stand it anymore, it would be
missing more.
[Music]